In our exploration Q file, we have now created our Q and we've defined what we want to do whenever
we receive a job.
So in other words, we have taken care of this big thing right here, and we've written out this little
bit of code.
We've also added in some code to handle the payload or the data contained inside the job.
Now, the last thing we have to do is make sure that at some point in time we write out some code that's
going to actually cue a job or create a job.
We want to create a job any time we receive the order created event.
You might recall that a couple of videos ago we already put together our listener for the order created
event, so we're now going to go into the order created listener that we already put together.
Whenever we receive that event, we're going to write out some code to, in cue, a job using our Q.
All right.
So back inside, my editor, I'm going to find the listeners directory.
And inside there, I'll find the order it created.
Listener.
Then at the very top, I'm going to import the Q that we just made.
That's expiration.
Q.
From up to directories use exploration.
And then inside of on message.
That's the point at which we are going to want to create a new job and keep it up.
So to do so we are going to right out await expiration cue dot ad.
And then inside of this thing as the first argument to add, we're going to put in the payload for this
job or essentially the information that we want to stick into the job itself.
We can mouse over that thing.
And TypeScript is going to tell us that if we want to call the ad function, we have to provide a data
argument that is essentially the payload that we just said that we were going to provide.
So for you and I, we have to provide an object that has an order ID property.
So where's the order ID coming from?
Well, it's coming from the data object that we are receiving into the on message function.
So we are receiving the data part of an order created event.
And that thing has an ID property.
That is the ID of the order that was just created.
So we'll say data.
ID like so.
Then immediately after that, we will go ahead and take our message.
The message.
Now, one thing I want to point out right now, we have not added in any idea of delaying this message
or this job, anything like that.
There is no 15 minute delay right now.
However, I want to test this out as it is and just make sure that if we receive an order created event,
we can immediately publish a job and then process it in basically the next second.
Eventually, we will want to have a 15 minute delay between adding the job and processing it.
But right now, again, let's just get the stuff working.
All right.
So how are we going to test this?
Well, we're going to do a realistic test.
In other words, we're going to use Postman to create an order.
But before we can do any of that, we still have to wire up a couple of things inside of our project.
In particular, we need to make sure that we start up our listener or create an instance of this listener
inside of our index file.
We have not done that very basic thing just yet.
So I'm going to go back over to my index file.
At the very top.
I will import the order created listener.
From events listeners order created listener.
Then after we connect Annette's.
We'll create a new instance of that.
Listener.
So New Order created listener we're going to pass in our next client, which is natural client.
And then remember to actually tell this thing to start listening, we have to manually call the listen
function.
Like so.
And that should be it.
Now when I save this, remember, there might be some events still inside of that streaming server of
a type or with the subject of order created listener.
And as soon as this thing starts listening, it's going to listen on a new queue group with a new durable
subscription name.
And so it is entirely possible that as soon as we save this file and we start listening, we're going
to see a couple of events immediately come in.
However, in the videos before this one I have and chances are you as well, you probably restarted
your scaffold process and when you restarted scaffold, that probably restarted nets as well.
So now it's probably dumped all the previous order created events it had.
But if you did not restart scaffold for any reason a couple of videos ago, then again you might start
to see a lot of output right away.
Having said all that, let's just save this.
Go back over to our scaffold window and see what's going on.
Yes.
Back over here.
I see.
Connected to nets and nothing else.
That means that I don't have any events pending inside of that streaming server or any events to backfill
or anything like that.
Because, again, I just restarted it a couple of minutes ago.
If you see a lot of console logs right now, totally fine.
Now, assuming that you don't see any console logs, let's take a pause right here.
When we come back, the next video we are going to manually through the process of creating a ticket
and then creating an order.
We're going to make sure that an order created event gets published.
We're going to make sure it gets taught by this listener right here.
And we'll make sure that we eventually and cue a job and then process that and see a console log of
I want to publish, blah, blah, blah.
So let's take a pause and try this all out in just a moment.